# *NuSTAR* Moving Target Python Repo

## Overview:

**This is currently work in progress. If you encounter issues, let us know.**

This repo contains scripts for *NuSTAR* solar observations of moving targets.

This branch uses python-based code rather than IDL scripts so that we can take advantage
of the wonderful open source developments in astropy and sunpy.

All python scripts shown here are written for python 3.5.

Library Requirements (at minimum, and with their dependencies):
  astopy
  numpy
  skyfield
  wget

We recommend using [Anaconda](https://www.continuum.io/downloads) for installation
of astropy/numpy/everything else via conda.

See the [sunpy documenation](http://sunpy.org) for details of how to install sunpy
via conda.

Interested in helping out or adding code? Feedback is great, report any problems via 
`issues`_ page.

If you have code you might want to contribute, get in touch with me to join the Slack
group and/or issue a pull request.

## Contents: 

### Installation:

#### python setup via conda

If you already have a python-3.5 environment that includes astropy and sunpy then you can
skip down to the Install nustar_planning step below.

##### If you don't already have a python environment with astropy and sunpy, do the following:

* Install miniconda via [this page](https://conda.io/docs/install/quick.html).

This will install a new python installation on your system so that you don't have
to worry about overwriting or conflicting with any other existing python builds.

* From the command prompt, issue the following conda commands to make sure that
we're using python 3-5 and that we have the conda-forge channel installed (for sunpy):

> `conda install python=3.5`

> `conda config --add channels conda-forge`

#### Install nustar_planning

##### Clone the project from github:
> `git clone https://github.com/NuSTAR/nustar_moving_target.git`

##### Install dependencies:

From the nustar\_moving\_target directory, issue the following conda command to install the
modules that we'll need:

> `conda install --yes --file requirements.txt`

Note that this may take a few minutes to complete.

##### Install the scripts into your conda python environment:

> `python setup.py install`

##### Build the documentation:

> `sphinx-build docs/ docs/_build`

...there is now an autogenerated webpage at nustar\_moving\_target/docs/\_build/index.html that
describes the library.

You can test this by attempting the following from within a python shell or a juputer
notebook:

import nustar_planning



### Notebooks

There is a
[separate repository](https://github.com/NuSTAR/nustar_moving_target_notebooks)
that contains worked examples for planning observations of the Sun, the Moon, and Jupiter.

